[docs] update prebuilds (#4008)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/docs/configure/projects/prebuilds.md

# Prebuilds

> Prebuilds help optimize the time to start a workspace by executing any defined installation tasks from the `.gitpod.yml` in an associated repository asynchronously ahead of time. Gitpod will search the last 100 ancestor commits for a successful prebuild to use as a base for a workspace. Prebuilds work similarly to Continuous Integration (CI) systems by responding to an SCM trigger (e.g. a webhook). For Prebuilds, it helps to be familiar with the following Gitpod features:

Reviewer: **praise**: Thanks for removing the reference to CI systems.

> Prebuilds help optimize the time to start a workspace by executing any defined installation tasks from the `.gitpod.yml` in an associated repository asynchronously ahead of time. Gitpod will search the last 100 ancestor commits for a successful prebuild to use as a base for a workspace. For Prebuilds, it helps to be familiar with the following Gitpod features:

Reviewer 2: I do agree. It is complex and needs some examples, and/or a diagram to really help users understand what it means and debug. That said, the main purpose of this pull request is to update the consequences of changing `init` task behaviour, so let's consider this feedback in a follow up? 🙏

> Prebuilds help optimize the time to start a workspace by executing any defined installation tasks from the `.gitpod.yml` in an associated repository asynchronously ahead of time. Gitpod will search the last 100 ancestor commits for a successful prebuild to use as a base for a workspace. For Prebuilds, it helps to be familiar with the following Gitpod features:

Reviewer 3: 💯

### Configuring Prebuilds

> During a prebuild Gitpod will only run the `before` and `init` tasks specified in your `.gitpod.yml`. When these tasks have finished, Gitpod takes a snapshot of the filesystem.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
During a prebuild, Gitpod will only run the `before` and `init` tasks specified in your `.gitpod.yml`. When these tasks have finished, Gitpod takes a snapshot of the filesystem.
```

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion: The "only" alludes to something that we don't make explicit here, e.g. what is the consequence of "only" running the `init` and `before` statements. 

**Option 1:** Remove only:

```suggestion
During a prebuild Gitpod will run the `before` and `init` tasks specified in your `.gitpod.yml`. When these tasks have finished, Gitpod takes a snapshot of the filesystem.
```

**Option 2:** Specify that "only" refers to: 

```suggestion
During a prebuild Gitpod will only run the `before` and `init` tasks and not the `command` tasks specified in your `.gitpod.yml`. When these tasks have finished, Gitpod takes a snapshot of the filesystem.
```

> Future Workspaces are then created from that snapshot. Gitpod will first update the git according to the given context and then run all tasks, `before`, `init` and `command`. Make sure `before` and `init` can be executed multiple times without side effects.

Reviewer 3: Felt a bit uncertain about what “updating the git” means. WDYT about this?

```suggestion
Future Workspaces are then created from that snapshot. Gitpod will first update the git context and then run all tasks, `before`, `init` and `command`. Make sure `before` and `init` can be executed multiple times without side effects.
```

> Future Workspaces are then created from that snapshot. Gitpod will first update the git according to the given context and then run all tasks, `before`, `init` and `command`. Make sure `before` and `init` can be executed multiple times without side effects.

Reviewer 2: * **thought:**  References to "that snapshot" and "future workspaces" read ambiguous.
* **Suggestion:** Including the consequences of tasks being ran multiple times would help. 
* **Suggestion:** Could we break down the prebuild loading sequence into a list for explicitness?
* **Question:** It would be good to clarify what "update the git context" means, is that `git pull`? `git clone`? Something else? e.g. What are the implications that a user should consider? 

```suggestion

When starting a workspace (with prebuilds enabled) Gitpod will:

1. First update the git context of the workspace (by executing `git pull`)
2. Run all tasks (`before`, `init` and `command`) on the prebuild file system. 

> Importantly, the `before` and `init` tasks are ran twice when prebuilds are enabled. First, when the prebuild is created, and then subsequently when workspaces start. Ensure that `before` and `init` can be executed multiple times, otherwise workspaces may start with errors showing in workspace task log outputs. 
```

Author: sounds good 👍 (besides "are ran" could be just "run"?)

> > **Tip:** Make prebuilds efficient by utilizing the file system for caching. For example, most users install dependencies within `init`.

Reviewer 2: **Question:** As a user, I'm not sure what I should do with this information? 

1. I'm not sure how the first statement: "utilizing the file system for caching" connects to "most users install dependencies within `init`"? What is the direct action a user should take? 
2. The language of "Make prebuilds more efficient" sounds like we are suggesting how to make prebuilds _even more efficient_ than they already are—is that the intent? Or, is this more along the lines of "Enable prebuilds to utilise the file system for caching?" For example, I'm not sure what they're more efficient than, in this context? 
3. It feels like the sentiment of the callout might be to urge me as a user to add things to the `init` step, but I'm not sure how that differs from the above content, e.g. the statement of "During a prebuild Gitpod will only run the before and init tasks specified in your .gitpod.yml." ?

Maybe I'm missing something here. To try and re-work into a suggestion: 

```suggestion
> **Tip:** Enable prebuilds to utilize the file system for caching. Install dependencies within the `init` step
```

**Note:** That said, _I wouldn't recommend this suggestion_, as it feels like it would be redundant to the above content and I'm not sure the attention from the callout is necessary.

Once a Prebuild is completed, a snapshot of the filesystem is taken. However, this snapshot only includes the `/workspace` directory. Other directories like the home directory are not saved by Prebuilds. To ensure the necessary files are saved, copy them to the `/workspace` directory before the Prebuild completes, and/or restore those files in your `command` task.

> ### Prebuilds have a 90 minutes time limit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Prebuilds have a 90 minute time limit
```
